[core] Turbo: skip the unused run_started event-log preload (#2569)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/turbo-skip-run-started-preload.md

---
'@workflow/core': patch
'@workflow/world': patch
'@workflow/world-vercel': patch
---

> Turbo mode now tells world-vercel to skip the run_started event-log preload it never reads, trimming the run_started request the first step start waits behind.

Author: ```suggestion
Turbo mode now tells world-vercel to skip the run_started event-log preload it never reads, reducing request time.
```

Author: (AI) Applied in f7a2b22.
